README.md, before:

# UTA Mavs Library

The Central Library App for the simplication to book the study rooms in the University of Texas at Arlington.

## Features Available
1. Registration and login using valid UTA email address
2. News and events from Central Library
3. Book study room and study materials 24/7 except for some holiday or emergency situations.
4. Get notifications and updates

## Screenshots from IOS Device
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/login_page.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/login_dark.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/register_page.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/dashboard.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/dashboard_dark.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/app_drawer.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/app_drawer_dark.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/room_booked_page.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/room_booked_page_dark.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/profile_page.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/profile_page_dark.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/log_out_confirmation.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/room_list_ui.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/room_list_ui_dark.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/room_detail_ui.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/room_detail_ui_dark.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/booking_confirmation.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/notification_ui.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/notification_ui_dark.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/notifications.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/history_ui.png"  height="550" width="250"/>

## Screenshots from Android Device
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/login_page.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/register_page.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/dashboard.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/app_drawer.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/room_booked_page.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/profile_page.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/log_out_confirmation.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/room_list_ui.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/room_detail_ui.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/booking_confirmation.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/notification_ui.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/notifications.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/history_ui.png"  height="550" width="250"/>

Commit message:

Adding team memebers to the read me.

README.md, after:

# UTA Mavs Library

The Central Library App for the simplication to book the study rooms in the University of Texas at Arlington.
This was Team 1 Spring 2022 Project for CSE3311 
Team 1 members: Bhuwan Shrestha, Hector Alvarado, Alexander Olmedo, Axel Marungike
This was imported from: https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project.git 

## Features Available
1. Registration and login using valid UTA email address
2. News and events from Central Library
3. Book study room and study materials 24/7 except for some holiday or emergency situations.
4. Get notifications and updates

## Screenshots from IOS Device
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/login_page.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/login_dark.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/register_page.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/dashboard.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/dashboard_dark.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/app_drawer.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/app_drawer_dark.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/room_booked_page.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/room_booked_page_dark.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/profile_page.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/profile_page_dark.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/log_out_confirmation.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/room_list_ui.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/room_list_ui_dark.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/room_detail_ui.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/room_detail_ui_dark.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/booking_confirmation.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/notification_ui.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/notification_ui_dark.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/notifications.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/ios/history_ui.png"  height="550" width="250"/>

## Screenshots from Android Device
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/login_page.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/register_page.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/dashboard.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/app_drawer.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/room_booked_page.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/profile_page.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/log_out_confirmation.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/room_list_ui.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/room_detail_ui.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/booking_confirmation.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/notification_ui.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/notifications.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
<img src="https://github.com/bxs8072/cse-3311-team-1-project/blob/master/screenshots/android/history_ui.png"  height="550" width="250"/>
